
Article 9 - Processing of personal data

Under European and Italian law on privacy, the data provided by candidates are held for the management of the selection procedure; their processing is partly automated. For recipients of research fellowships, the processing of such data shall continue for administrative purposes. For  candidates successful in the recruitment selection, it also continues for the purposes of managing the employment relationship and specifically to ascertain whether the persons concerned meet the requirement that the conduct of the persons concerned must be compatible with the duties to be performed at the Bank, in accordance with its regulations. Data relating to applications may also be held for statistical purposes or for scientific research, in compliance with Article 89 of Regulation (EU) 679/2016 (GDPR). The provision of such data is mandatory for the purpose of assessing the participation requirements; in the event of refusal to provide data, the Bank will exclude the candidate from the selection procedure or will not award the fellowship. The information provided can only be communicated to other public bodies for the purpose of verifying what candidates have declared or in other cases provided for by laws and regulations.
The applicants have the right of access to personal data and other rights recognized by law, including the right to amend, update, make anonymous or erase data processed in breach of the law, as well as the right to object in whole or in part, on legitimate grounds, to the processing.
Applicants may assert their rights against the Data Controller - Banca d'Italia, Organization Directorate, Via Nazionale 91 - Rome (e-mail: org.privacy@bancaditalia.it).
The Bank of Italy&#39;s Data Protection Officer can be contacted at Via Nazionale 91, Rome, or at the following email address: responsabile.protezione.dati@bancaditalia.it.
For infringements of the applicable rules on privacy, applicants may contact the Italian Data Protection Authority, Piazza Venezia 11, Rome.
